# Project: Investigate a Dataset - [TMDB-Movies]
## Table of Contents
- Introduction
- Data Wrangling
- Exploratory Data Analysis
- Conclusions

## Introduction
### Dataset Description
The Dataset used for this anaysis is TMDB_movie. This Dataset has about 10,000 movies collected from The Movie Database(TMDb), including user ratings and revenue.

This database contains the following features:-

- id - A unique identifier for each movie.
- imdb_id - A unique identifier for each movie on IMDB.
- cast - The name of lead and supporting actors.
- director - the director of the movie
- budget - The budget in which the movie was made.
- genre - The genre of the movie, Action, Comedy ,Thriller etc.
- homepage - A link to the homepage of the movie.
- keywords - The keywords or tags related to the movie.
- original_title - The title of the movie before translation or adaptation.
- overview - A brief description of the movie.
- popularity - A numeric quantity specifying the movie popularity.
- production_companies - The production house of the movie.
- production_countries - The country in which it was produced.
- release_date - The date on which it was released.
- revenue - The worldwide revenue generated by the movie.
- runtime - The running time of the movie in minutes.
- tagline - Movie's tagline.
- vote_average - average ratings the movie recieved.
- budget_adj - shows the budget associated movie in terms of 2010 dollars.
- revenue_adj - shows the revenue associated movie in terms of 2010 dollars.
